Add safeguard / enforce resources (#261)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/safeguards/enforce-resources.md

## Problem

A major source of application downtime is insufficient capacity. For example, if a Node reaches 100% CPU utilization, then application Pods hosted on it will run slow, leading to bad end-user experience. If a Node runs into memory pressure, the application will run slower, as less memory is available for the [page cache](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Page_cache). High memory pressure may lead to the Node triggering the infamous [Out-of-Memory (OOM) Killer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Out_of_memory#Out_of_memory_management), killing a victim, either your application or a platform component.

## Solution

To avoid running into capacity issues, Kubernetes allows Pods to [specify resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) for each of its containers. This achieves two benefits:

1. It ensures that Pods are scheduled to Nodes that have the requested resources.
2. It ensures that a Pod does not exceed its resource limits, hence limiting its blast radius and protecting other application or platform Pods.

## How Does Compliant Kubernetes Help?

> To make sure you don't forget to configure resource requests and limits, the administrator can configure Compliant Kubernetes to deny creation of Pods with no resources.

Reviewer: "without explicit resource specifications" instead of "with no resources".

> To make sure you don't forget to configure resource requests and limits, the administrator can configure Compliant Kubernetes to deny creation of Pods with no resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure you don't forget to configure resource requests and limits, the administrator can configure Compliant Kubernetes to deny creation of Pods without explicit resource specifications.
```
